README.md, before:

# dBankLite #
### Banking add-on for dConomy ###
#### Copyright &copy; 2013-2014 Visual Illusions Entertainment ####
#### Licensed under the GNU General Public License v3 (See License below) ####

## About ##
dBankLite is a plugin for the Canary and Bukkit Minecraft Server Modifications.
See the [dBankLite Wiki Page](http://wiki.visualillusionsent.net/view/dBankLite) for more information

## Bug Reporting ##
Please use the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/Visual-Illusions/dBankLite/issues) associated with this repository.<br/>  
Be sure to include as much information about the issue as possible, including Server Mod info

## Compiling ##

Maven is used for dependency management

Install [Maven 3](http://maven.apache.org/download.html)<br/>
Check out this repository<br/>
run from command line: mvn clean install<br/>

License
---------

This Program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

Commit message:

fixing the tab complete error, dConomy update, adding a permission tracker, and other corrections

README.md, after:

# dBankLite #
### Banking add-on for dConomy ###
#### Copyright &copy; 2013-2014 Visual Illusions Entertainment ####
#### Licensed under the BSD 3-Clause License (See License below) ####

## About ##
dBankLite is a plugin for the Canary and Bukkit Minecraft Server Modifications.
See the [dBankLite Wiki Page](http://wiki.visualillusionsent.net/view/dBankLite) for more information

## Bug Reporting ##
Please use the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/Visual-Illusions/dBankLite/issues) associated with this repository.<br/>  
Be sure to include as much information about the issue as possible, including Server Mod info

## Compiling ##

Maven is used for dependency management

Install [Maven 3](http://maven.apache.org/download.html)<br/>
Check out this repository<br/>
run from command line: mvn clean install<br/>

License
---------

Copyright © 2013-2014 Visual Illusions Entertainment
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
       and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse
       or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
